synonomous
non-synonomous: basic -> polar
non-synonomous: polar -> nonpolar
synonomous
non-synonomous: basic -> nonpolar
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> nonpolar
non-sense
synonomous
synonomous
synonomous
synonomous
synonomous
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> nonpolar
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> nonpolar
non-synonomous: acidic -> polar
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> nonpolar
non-synonomous: basic -> polar
non-synonomous: acidic -> acidic
synonomous
non-synonomous: acidic -> polar
synonomous
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> polar
non-synonomous: polar -> polar
synonomous
non-synonomous: acidic -> acidic
non-synonomous: polar -> nonpolar
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> basic
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> polar
synonomous
non-synonomous: polar -> basic
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> acidic
non-synonomous: polar -> polar
non-synonomous: polar -> polar
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> nonpolar
synonomous
synonomous
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> polar
non-synonomous: nonpolar -> polar
non-synonomous: polar -> basic
synonomous
